Over 2.2 million people
live in the city of Paris.
And in 2016,
around 45 million tourists
visited the French capital.
To reach all these people
with the message contained in the Bible,
special metropolitan public witnessing
was set up in Paris in 2012.
Each month,
1,300 Jehovah’s Witnesses
preach with the help
of mobile displays
placed in 12 strategic locations.
These carts may be in place
for up to 14 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Because they are highly visible
and are in the right place at the right time,
almost 3,000 publications
in 27 languages are placed each month,
and many Bible studies are started.
It’s more and more difficult
to meet people at home.
Sometimes you need a code
to enter the first door,
then a second one inside.
In addition to the Parisians,
there are lots of commuters
coming every day to the capital to work,
so these people
are not available at their homes.
Moreover, in Paris,
they can be completely anonymous.
They do not have to worry
about their neighbors.
We are always here.
We witness.
And even if the doors are closed,
we find another way to preach.
One thing that I particularly like
about this form of witnessing
is the questions that are on the posters.
Even if people don’t come
and help themselves from the cart,
I say to myself,
‘They still take the questions
away with them.’
These questions do have an impact on people.
We feel that they make them think
by giving them food for thought.
There’s a really interesting population.
People who are eager
to learn more about the Bible
want to have discussions
and are asking questions.
And through the jw.org website,
we can answer their questions.
I use videos a lot
because people are very attracted
by the beautiful images
produced by the organization,
and they are really very surprised,
and they leave truly satisfied.
A new challenge for me
was to use
the new technology and,
for example,
the Why Study the Bible? video.
So during this campaign,
I had the opportunity to use this video
for the first time to show it to someone
who approached the cart.
So it’s true that before we use
the new tools, we need to prepare
—especially for the videos.
People who stop at the stand
really take the time to talk to us.
It is not like other forms of service
where we have less time to spend with them.
I’ve had conversations
that lasted 20 to 30 minutes,
sharing several Bible scriptures.
And we feel that these people are looking for
and need to hear the comforting message
of God’s Word.
I think it is an activity
that actually honors people,
particularly in France,
because they are given the freedom to choose.
They feel that they have control
over the situation.
When I go back to my congregation,
often the brothers and sisters ask me
if we were successful.
I always say, “Yes.”
Because we were there;
we were obedient,
and for sure we were seen
by many people in the streets of Paris.
We do the cart witnessing until 8:00 p.m.,
and at 8:00 p.m., people are still outside.
These people
—we do not find them at home.
And here, they quickly get a glimpse
of the Bible’s message,
and they help themselves.
So it works.
Many people tell us,
“We saw the cart in London;
we saw it in New York;
we saw it in Italy, in Rome.”
A person stopped recently,
and I just heard him say in Italian,
“We have the same thing back home!”
So this international aspect is
—for a Jehovah’s Witness—
what makes our organization unique.
We are a true international family.
Hearing other people say it, it’s amazing.
I feel like I’m sharing in a unique program
that has never taken place before.
In fact, we follow the example
of our brothers and sisters
who do the same everywhere in the world.
So I feel like I’m a small part
of a big family.
Personally, I have known Jehovah now
for six years,
and I’m truly grateful to know
that Jehovah himself thinks of everyone.
And I feel privileged to be able
to carry this wonderful message to all those
who still don’t know him.